Astro CLI 1.6.1 release notes (#1418)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

> If you have any questions or a bug to report, reach out to [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```

## Astro CLI 1.6.1

Release date: November 3, 2022 

### Bug fixes 

> - Fixed an issue where authenticating to Astronomer Software with `interactive=true` in your CLI configuration would result in a 502 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where authenticating to Astronomer Software with `interactive=true` in your CLI configuration resulted in a 502 error.
```
